Hi.
I'm Dr. Bradley Nelson.
In this episode of
"E-Motion Code Toolkit,"
I'm going to share with you
some powerful information about
your subconscious mind.
In my years of
research, I have found
that getting rid of
your emotional baggage
can change how your life
manifests as far as abundance,
as far as love and health.
The subconscious
computer within you
is by far the most powerful
part of who you are.
You spend your waking hours
in your conscious mind,
and that's where you take
tests and you go to school,
and you watch TV and
you work your job
and have your relationships.
Meanwhile, your
subconscious mind
is creating new cells
for you every moment,
is digesting your food,
keeping your heart beating,
keeping your lungs working.
That subconscious part of you
knows and remembers everything
that you've ever done,
every face you've ever
seen in a crowd.
Everything you've ever eaten
or tasted or touched or smelled
is recorded in that holographic
computer of your subconscious
mind.
It knows why your
life may not be
working as well as it should.
It, your subconscious mind,
knows what emotional baggage
you have and what effects
that emotional baggage is
having on you.
And the only way that we can
get to that emotional baggage,
find out what it
is and release it,
is by accessing your
subconscious mind.
In the earlier
episode, I showed you
how you can get answers
using the elbow test.
Now I'd like to share with
you another kind of testing
that we call the sway test that
some people find even easier.
To understand how
the sway test works,
it's helpful to
think about plants.
A plant will grow towards the
light coming in from a window.
By the same token, a
plant will grow away
from a speaker that's playing
harsh, grating sounds.
Your body will tend
to sway forward
if you're holding thoughts
of truth or positivity
or congruency.
Your body will tend
to sway backward
if you're holding thoughts
of negativity, falsehood
or incongruency.
So let's do this.
First of all, stand up, drop
your hands to your sides
and allow yourself
to totally relax.
I'm going to turn
sideways so you
can see the reaction
that my body's undergoing
as we do this.
First thing I'd like you to do
is think about the word war.
War is about the most
negative thing that
happens on the
planet, and I'd like
you to think about what really
goes on a human level in war.
And as you think about
that word and as you
think about what really
goes on in war, the moment
your subconscious mind
connects with what
your conscious mind is
thinking at that moment,
your body will start
to sway backward
away from that negative
thought of war.
Now, let's try
something positive.
I'd like you to think
about the word gratitude.
Is there somebody in your life
that you have gratitude for?
Allow your heart to fill with
gratitude for that person.
Maybe it's a parent, maybe a
loved one, whoever it might be.
And as you allow
your heart to fill
with that feeling of gratitude,
when your subconscious
mind makes a connection with
what your conscious mind is
thinking, you'll start to
sway forward just like that.
Now we can use this method
called the sway test
to find emotional baggage.
Here's how it works.
As you're standing
there, totally
relaxed, close
your eyes and make
this statement in your mind.
I have a trapped emotion
that needs to be released.
As you hold that
thought in your mind,
I have a trapped emotion
that needs to be released,
your body will start to sway
either forward or backward.
If your body sways forward,
that is your subconscious mind
telling you, yes, you do
have a trapped emotion that
needs to be released.
Once your body says yes, you
have a trapped emotion that
needs to be released,
at that point,
you can go to the
e-motion code chart.
Start by figuring out which
column this emotion is in.
Ask yourself, is this
trapped emotion in column A.
Focus on that
thought for a moment,
and allow your body to either
sway forward or backward.
If your body sways
forward, then that emotion
is in column A. If your
body sways backward,
the emotion is in
column B. Either way,
you can next narrow
down the rows by asking,
is this trapped emotion
in one of the odd rows.
If your body goes forward
on one of the odd rows,
you've narrowed it down
to 15 emotions out of 60.
Now you can ask, is the
emotion in row one in column A.
If it's not in that one, ask if
it's in row three in column A,
or row five in column A.
It will be in one of once.
Once you narrow it down
to a particular cell,
you can then ask which emotion
it is by naming the emotions
one at a time and asking if
it's this one or this one
or this one, and so on.
Once you've identified the
emotion, you can then ask,
do we need to know more
about this trapped emotion.
In other words, does
your subconscious mind
need to have you dig a little
deeper to find this emotion
and bring it to the
surface and release it.
If you do need to know
more, usually the only thing
you'll need to know
is when it occurred.
And what you can do is you
can take the age of the person
and divide it in half and ask
if it occurred before that time
or after that time, and
you can narrow down the age
that quickly.
Now, once you've identified
the trapped emotion
and the body is
ready to release it,
you can simply pass a
magnet, any kind of magnet,
or your fingertips, over the
governing meridian like this.
Now the governing meridian
starts at the tailbone,
travels up the back and
over the top of the head,
and what we do is we simply put
some energy into that meridian
like this.
It takes three swipes to release
a trapped emotion just like so.
One of the beautiful
things about this work
is that none of
us have ever seen
a trapped emotion come back.
When you release a
trapped emotion correctly,
it's gone forever.
A great analogy for this is
if you take a credit card out
of your wallet and you
look at a credit card,
and it has the magnetic
strip on the back.
If you rub that magnetic
strip with a magnet,
that data is transformed and
the information there is gone.
And that's a similar process
here with the e-motion code.
You're releasing the emotional
energy, and it's gone.
I'm Dr. Bradley Nelson.
Thank you for joining me.
In our next episode, we're going
to be talking about the heart
wall and how you can release it.